Speaker 0    00:00    This call may be monitored and recorded.  
Speaker 0    00:10    Good morning. Thank you for calling Apple with plumbing, heating and electric. This is Judy. How will we help you today? Hi. Um, we have a leak in our, um, the sink in our bathroom. We, my husband, we're doing some remodeling and my husband just connected a sink and we can't get the water to turn off. Like the valves are broken on that and we can't get the water to turn off in the house. And so it's just running. Yeah. Okay. So is it leaking the faucet is, is that what's leaking or it's leaking below the cabinet. Below the cabinets. So the FOSS has gone and the sink is gone, but it just is leaking and it's leaked all into the basement. We just discovered it this morning and it's flooded. Flooded our basement. Yeah. We, we can't get the water to turn off to the house. So that valve is, you know, that closure is also networking. Okay. <inaudible>  
Speaker 0    01:25    what's your address? One seven, seven one Rockies, R a C. K, I. E. S courts in Lafayette. Let me look that up just a moment, please. Well that's not a good start to your day. Let's see. Rockies court. So the first time? Yes. Okay. And you're the homeowner, you said, is that right? Okay. And what's your last name? Eva. N. S. any first name? Terry. T. E. R. I. Okay. So again, that was one seven seven one Rocky's court. Right. And what city did you say? Lafayette and the zip code there? Eight zero two six two six Terry, what's your email address? We'll send you the picture and credentials of the technician when we call to say he's on his way. Okay. Uh, T E R R, I underscore Evans, E V. a N S zero eight eight nine at Q, the letter q.com.com. Do you know approximately the year that your house was built? 1998 okay. And does the (303) 551-3415 the best phone number for you? Yes. Okay. Is that a cell phone or a landline? Cell phone.  
Speaker 2    03:05    Okay. Okay.  
Speaker 0    03:11    All right. I'm gonna put some notes in here. Let me tell you a little bit about us since this would be her first time out. We've been in business now 45 years. We have an a plus rating with the better business Bureau and all of our technicians are either licensed or certified depending on their trade. And we do come out with a fully stock truck and we'll look at your plumbing issue with that, getting that watershed off. And then we'll give exact pricing. And we do charge by the job, not by the hour. So once they give you that exact pricing, whether it takes 10 minutes or two days, the price will change. And everybody that works for Apple would go through background checks and drug screening. And we do work seven days a week and our prices are the same even on the weekend. Okay. So let me get this work order in for you. And it's a single family house, did you say? Yes. Okay. All right. Our service call fee is $29, but we'll waive that when work is done. Do you think you'd be paying cash credit card or check, uh, credit cards? Well, are they the same price? Everything. The same credit card then. Okay. How'd you hear about us?  
Speaker 0    04:23    Oh, well you know, I've heard about you on TV and year in the Dave Logan and I called another plumber and they couldn't do it today. Okay. And you have in the Dave Logan thing that I believe there's a coupon $60 off, so you might want to look at that. Okay. All right, I'll make note of that. And you said 98?  
Speaker 2    04:56    Okay.  
Speaker 0    05:00    Do you think that plumbing is original to the house? That's okay. And that's leaking into the basement.  
Speaker 2    05:18    Okay.  
Speaker 0    05:19    We can't shut off the water even though we think that we have tried to get somebody out there as soon as I can. If it ends up being longer, you know the fire department can shut the water off for you. Okay. But I'm going to look at the schedule in a moment here.  
Speaker 2    05:49    Yeah,  
Speaker 0    05:49    yeah. Here's your coupon. I kept looking for it and it's speaking out in the middle of day. Is it street parking or driveway? Driveway. Okay. So the uh, the water shut off valve on just the bathroom master bath sank right first floor bathroom. Okay. And shut off for the house. Is that working? That's insane. Okay. A couple of those notes.  
Speaker 2    06:54    <inaudible>  
Speaker 0    07:22    okay. Checking the schedule right now. Let's see. It's almost eight o'clock. Let me schedule this like an emergency call. So let's see. So what I'm going to do is put you on a technician but it won't be the, the time. Um, and then, uh, he will contact dispatch and they'll call you back within the hour to let you know when we can get out there because I do have afternoon appointments, but I'd like to get this taken care of sooner for you. Okay. So I'm going to or  
Speaker 0    08:24    yeah, and our storage. Okay. All right. Well I'll, um, I have the note for dispatch to call you back within the hour and we'll take care of that for you. But anyway, that, uh, when the dispatcher calls, um, they'll leave a message and if you happen to miss the call, just call us back. We will send you the picture and credentials of the technician when the technician is on the way. And we also have state licensed electricians, heating and cooling technicians as well. So we're pretty much one stop shopping here. Okay. So we'll talk to you in a little bit. I'm contacting just dispatch right now. All right. Okay, great. Okay, thank you. Take care. Sure. Bye. 
